link to input dataset in Episode 1 (#542)
swcarpentry/r-novice-inflammation: _episodes_rmd/01-starting-with-data.Rmd

```

We are studying inflammation in patients who have been given a new treatment for 

> arthritis, and need to analyze the first dozen data sets ([download data](http://swcarpentry.github.io/r-novice-inflammation/data/r-novice-inflammation-data.zip)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arthritis, and need to analyze the first dozen data sets (here is a link to [download the data for this lesson]({{ page.root }}/data/r-novice-inflammation-data.zip)).
```

Thank you! I've changed the URL to avoid link rot and text for a more precise description
